docs/ Update developer documentation for Perpeutual Connectors (#4808)
CoinAlpha/hummingbot: documentation/docs/developers/connectors/requirements/task3.md

| `cancellation_result` | `List[CancellationResult]` | List of `CancellationResult`. `CancellationResult.success` is assigned `True` if the particular order(identified by Client Order ID) is successfully cancelled |

!!! note

> In some cases, where an exchange does not have a cancel all orders endpoint, the we will have to call `_execute_cancel()` for each in-flight order. In the case when the exchange handles a cancellation requests asychronously, it is advisable to use another API request to fetch all **OPEN** orders. Using this return values, cross reference with the submitted cancellation request. Orders that have been successfully cancelled should no longer be reflected as an **OPEN** order and thus should be marked as `CancellationResult.success`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, where an exchange does not have a cancel all orders endpoint, we will have to call `_execute_cancel()` for each in-flight order. In the case when the exchange handles cancellation requests asychronously, it is advisable to use another API request to fetch all **OPEN** orders. Using the returned values, cross reference with the submitted cancellation request. Orders that have been successfully cancelled should no longer be reflected as an **OPEN** order and thus should be marked as `CancellationResult.success`.
```

Calls [\_api_request()](#async-_api_request) and subsequently [`_format_trading_rules()`](#_format_trading_rules)

!!! warning

> For `Derivative` Connectors, it is necessary to retrieve the buy and sell collatoral tokens for the active trading pair. If none is provided, it will default to the quote token of the trading pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `Derivative` Connectors, it is necessary to retrieve the buy and sell collateral tokens for the active trading pair. If none are provided, they will default to the quote token of the trading pair.
```
